hey guys john here from fast films and
today we're covering a 2006 american
action movie called snakes on a plane
the film starts off in the magnificent
coastal city of hawaii where a guy rides
his dirt bike across a track very
skillfully he rides through the forest
and arrives at a place where he
witnesses his wounded father hanging
upside down
his father advises the boy to leave at
once he hides away in the bushes and
watches in horror as a guy named eddie
kim arrives wearing a white suit and
uses a baseball bat to dismember his
father who's a prosecutor the terror
engulfs him and he escapes on his bike
later he sits in his house under extreme
trauma he watches the news where the
death of his father is broadcasted when
suddenly some breaks in his door locks
upon looking through the door eye the
boy notices eddie's men waiting to kill
him outside
in order to save himself he runs to the
back where another man forces him behind
the wall and proceeds to kill the
perpetrators
afterwards both of them escape the house
and the new guy introduces himself as
special agent flynn from the fbi the boy
introduces himself as sean flynn asks
him why didn't he go to the police if he
witnessed eddie committing a murder upon
which sean simply states that he isn't
sure if the cops are crooked or not
the agent admires his intelligence and
takes him in for questioning and
provides him the clear-cut picture of
what will happen if he doesn't cooperate
sean still doesn't say anything but
flynn manages to convince him to testify
against eddie kim in la the scenario
then shifts to honolulu international
airport where the camera pans through
two air hostesses making their way
towards the flight meanwhile three
famous rap artists get surrounded by
fans the 3gs spread autographs and walk
towards the boarding terminal in the
interim the hostesses make it to the
airplane another surprise one named
claire upon her transfer
they all celebrate while we see another
passenger lady with a chihuahua greeting
a couple sitting across from her on the
other hand claire gets the message from
the captain that the fbi is escorting
someone to la and they forcibly booked
all of the first class seats and she has
to be the one to break the news to them
during all the boarding the camera pans
to two workers one of them states the
flight number to someone on call while
another guy sprays the lay's flowers
with pheromones
in the meantime flynn walks up the first
class with sean while claire has to deal
with frustrated passengers of first
class who now have to travel in the
coach
as sean settles in the luxurious comfort
flynn walks up to talk to his friend
agent harris about eddie kim
harris assures him that eddie isn't
going anywhere meanwhile the situation
turns to the coach below where a
corporate guy gets annoyed by the
chihuahua and the woman who sits beside
him with her baby the rude man gets up
in exasperation and leaves just then the
three g's also enter the coach and start
commenting on a fat woman meanwhile the
girl with the dog admirably stares at
the wrapper
down below two young boys also get
prepared to travel solo after everyone
gets settled in the hosts and hostesses
stand in the aisles while the pilot
gives the initial briefing
in shawn's cabin a pretty hostess walks
in with her front buttons undone and
shawn enjoys every single bit of the
show
after the plane flies into the air
everyone gets on with their usual
business and the hostess comes to shawn
in order to introduce herself as tiffany
shawn tells her about his testimony upon
which the girl gets marveled the camera
then pans to the cargo area where we
witness hundreds of snakes being held
with a timer of two hours ticking its
way to carnage
up in the coach everyone goes on with
their usual routines
another asian passenger gets seated
who's in for kickboxing meanwhile flynn
also makes his way downstairs and
proceeds to talk to claire who gets a
little annoyed with him for
commandeering the plane on such a short
notice
flynn takes it lightly and moves away on
the other hand the rapper calls the
chihuahua girl named mercedes to sit
next to him and talks to her mercedes
gets all flirty and lets her dog marry
kate run all over the rapper who gets
extremely uncomfortable with that down
at the cargo hold the timer strikes zero
and with a blast the whole container
erupts and the snakes start to spread
around the space
the events take a turn as the horny
couple goes to the lavatory and disables
the smoke alarm from the ceiling they
smoke a blunt and proceed to make out
passionately but the snakes slither down
the opening in the ceiling and attack
them brutally they both start shrieking
and pounding against the lavatory's door
while the steward and air hostess
observe the moans in enjoyment little do
they know the snakes have turned vicious
they bite away at the circuit systems of
the airplane causing them to lose the
avionics
meanwhile the serpents slither their way
into the coach and gradually spread
everywhere
a girl dodges one with just a few inches
on the other hand a guy goes into the
lavatory to pee but gets ravaged by a
serpent who bites into his manhood the
guy screams and jumps in hysteria
inflicting himself with a fatal injury
meanwhile a snake also crawls his way up
to the drunk woman who starts to enjoy
the feel of it unfortunately another
inconvenience looms over them as the
plane enters the turbulent zone under
extreme weather
it starts to shake and everyone gets
alert in the meantime one of the pilots
goes down to reset the breakers for the
avionics circuit but gets struck by the
vicious snake
the poison dives into his body and the
poor man expires rick and claire notice
his immobility and rick brings him up
while claire runs to the first class to
bring agent flynn and agent sanders as
they analyze the whole distressing
situation rick begins to fly the plane
alone while claire runs back to the
coach to administer the people she
consoles the little boys and assigns
them a game for distraction
during this the turbulence exceeds
normality and the luggage starts to fall
down
the passengers get worried meanwhile
rick faces another dreadful situation as
snakes start to slide their way in the
consoles
he hits them with the notebook and
accidentally deploys the oxygen masks in
the coach which brings down all the hell
on the passengers as the upper
compartments open the snakes also drop
along with the oxygen masks
all hell breaks loose as the serpents
start attacking everyone and the
situation aggravates into a disrupted
commotion
people start screaming as the snakes
invade the whole place the drunk lady
gets bitten in the eye while others run
for their lives
the sneaks wreak havoc on the whole
cabin and even agent sanders becomes the
victim of their venomous bites
flynn uses his electric taser to clear
the way but people start dying claire
and others manage to move them forward
and try their best to cope with the
situation but the snakes become
relentless
in the meantime a massive cobra appears
in front of the two boys and bites
tommy's arm while another guy gets
killed in the stampede the rapper named
clarence also runs to the lavatory to
hide himself but the dead carcasses of
the couple drop on him the aggravation
escalates and everyone runs for their
lives after securing most of them flynn
orders them to use the bags to build a
wall against the snakes in the coach
everyone starts piling up the bags but
the camera then shows us mercedes stuck
in the coach with a snake advancing
towards her in a threatening way
but luckily the kickboxer comes in just
in time to save her mercedes hops on his
back and they both run away on the other
hand flynn and claire find the boys
while tommy's arm can be seen severely
injured
just then another elderly hostess named
grace hears a kid's babble in the coach
she breaks the protective wall and runs
inside to find the baby sitting inches
away from the snake
she picks him up in one scoop but gets
bitten in the back
nevertheless she runs back returns the
baby to his mother and staggers to
safety the situation intensifies as
agent sanders eventually expires and
flynn calls agent harris to inform him
about the whole incident and how eddie
kim has managed to fill the whole plane
with poisonous snakes in order to kill
every single person on board harris
acknowledges the gravity of the
situation and orders everyone in his
office to locate a snake expert for him
back in the plane sean offers his help
but flynn admonishes him and orders him
to stay put
downstairs one member of the three g's
who's bitten in the butt gets taken to
suck the venom out but he refuses to let
it happen
just then we witness the deteriorating
situation of tommy's arm the mother
present on the spot uses her skills to
suck the venom out
meanwhile the rappers enjoy the show
despite the grave conditions in the
meantime agent harris manages to meet dr
price who's a snake expert they take him
in the car and harris calls flynn to
talk to the doctor
dr price indicates that there must be
something in the plane that is
triggering the snakes it might even be
pheromone causing hyper aggression
as flynn talks to the doctor the
passengers lose their cool and force
their way up to the first class to
confront flynn
sean gets up and clarifies everything
upon that flynn gets ahead to lead them
and orders them to grab all the dead
snakes so they can be identified for the
anti-venom
meanwhile in the cockpit rick gets
bitten as well and drops down the hangar
on the other hand mercedes offers her
phone to email all the pictures to dr
price so that he can identify the snakes
and get the anti-venom
unfortunately the plane gets unstable as
there's no pilot now flynn orders
everyone to buckle up and runs to the
cockpit where claire is fighting with a
massive snake she manages to kill him
and both of them manage the controls to
lift the plane back up but the effort
goes futile back at the coach the
killings rise in raid as snakes invade
the place again sean offers everyone to
run upstairs to first class and everyone
forces their way on the stairs
just then a gigantic anaconda drops from
the ceiling and the monstrous serpent
slithers his way towards them
unfortunately the stairs can't bear the
weight and the bars break everyone falls
down and the corporate guy gets engulfed
by the anaconda everyone else runs to
the first class and tries to block the
stairs
meanwhile flynn contacts the control
tower who urges them to pull up at once
and just before hitting the ocean's
surface flynn and claire successfully
managed to pull it up and save it from
the crash
in the meantime rick also appears from
the cabin but the ac gets turned off
along with other hvac systems
on the other hand dr price identifies
all the snakes as exotic and illegal and
tough to find in the u.s therefore the
anti-venom will even be tougher to
locate
back on the plane clarence loses his
cool and starts pushing everyone in
anger but his buddies manage to calm him
down and he sits back in his place
just then the tragedy hits the aircrew
as grace dies due to the venom claire
mourns heavily on the loss but flynn
consoles her and proceeds to turn on the
ac from the cargo area claire offers him
a diy flamethrower and he proceeds
downstairs through an entangled mess of
wires and reaches the hvac board after
fighting off the snakes
after struggling heavily he manages to
put the ac back on and everyone upstairs
gets a huge sigh of relief the scene now
shifts to a desert area where the fbi
raid a guy's compound for holding
illegal snakes and other charges
the guy runs for his safety but harris
catches up to him and he gets bitten by
his own snake harris forces the guy to
hand him the list of snakes he sold to
eddie kim along with the anti-venom for
all these exotic snakes
back at the plane flynn comes back up
like a hero and everyone shows him
gratitude for providing them with air to
breathe moreover he gets the good news
from harris about the anti-venom but
unfortunately they find rick dead in his
cabin
now as they have to land only one of the
gamer guys from 3gs named troy knows how
to fly an airplane flynn gets extremely
frustrated with the snakes and states to
get rid of them once and for all
in order to carry out their plan
everyone holds fast to the seats while
flynn shoots at the window to break it
the extreme air pressure causes
everything to fly out along with the
snakes
during the extreme turbulence tiffany
almost flies out in the air but shawn
saves her just in time on the other hand
troy and flynn struggle their way in the
cockpit and get seated troy gets overly
excited and calls the control tower
where the officials get annoyed by his
inexperienced and unprofessional
behavior
nevertheless flynn forces that he's the
only one who knows the controls
therefore troy gets confident in himself
and orders them to clear all the runways
in the meantime he briefs all the
passengers to brace for the landing and
he maneuvers the plane towards the
runway and successfully plants it on the
ground but doesn't slow it down
flynn gets hysterical but troy finally
swerves it to a side and brings it to a
halt
after a moment of silence and
realization they start cheering in
everyone's size and relief as now they
are safe and sound on the ground at the
airport the rescue services arrive the
police arrive and everyone surrounds the
plane
they land an air slide and escort all
the passengers out in the meantime
harris and dr price also arrive with the
vaccine and administer the wounded
including tommy
meanwhile flynn thanks shawn for his
assistance and help in the plane but
sean gets attacked by a vicious snake in
the chest
as he shrieks in terror flynn shoots the
boy in the chest and he falls down the
slide tiffany and claire stand aghast
and they run up to him to find him
totally safe due to the bulletproof
jacket as everyone is now safe the final
moments of the move arrive where we
witness flynn asking claire out for a
date while shawn receiving a passionate
kiss and phone number for tiffany shawn
and flynn become friends in the camera
pants to the time in the future where
they both go surfboarding in bali and
with that the movie concludes
thanks for watching guys